dmenu
=====

dmenu is a simple dynamic menu from the <http://www.suckless.org> folks.

Motivation
----------

Simply put, dmenu is an incredibly useful tool for tiling window managers like awesome, dwm, and xmonad. With a single keyboard shortcut, a user can launch dmenu, and from there easily run just about any program available--and without ever having to raise her hand off of the keyboard! It is simple, elegant, fast, and highly functional.

Of course, the trade-off is discoverability (i.e. important system-related programs aren't grouped in sensible places like a "System Tools") and memorability (i.e. rather than learning the much more memorable route to get to a particular program, the user has to remember the actual--and often arbitrary--name of the program). 

However, for those who value the former over the latter--as I do--the trade is worth it.

Patching dmenu
--------------

In order to use dmenu in niminal, the dmenu source has to be cloned from its developer site and patched. The niminal-core.sh script should do this automatically.

In case it doesn't, report the issue on <http://github.com/DeadDork/Niminal>. I will do my best to resolve it ASAP.

Alternatively, you can patch dmenu yourself:

1.	Go to your open source directory. E.G.

		cd ~/Downloads/open_source

2.	Make sure that dmenu has been cloned.

		ls

	You should see 'dmenu' somewhere in the output. If you do not, then clone it now:

		hg clone http://hg.suckless.org/dmenu/

3.	Go to *dmenu*

		cd dmenu

4.	Test the patch.

		patch --dry-run -p1 -f config.mk /PATH/TO/Niminal/customs/dmenu/make_file.patch

	(Replace *PATH/TO* with the directory path to Niminal, e.g. *~/Programming/programming_projects/*.)

5.	If you **don't** get an error, then run the patch.

		hg import /PATH/TO/Niminal/customs/dmenu/make_file.patch

	(Again, be sure to replace *PATH/TO* with the directory path to Niminal, e.g. *~/Programming/programming_projects/*.)

	If you **do** get an error, then manually patch dmenu.

	Open *config.mk* with your favorite text editor (e.g. vim).
	
	Change 

		PREFIX = /usr/local

	(or whatever the PREFIX is set to) to

		PREFIX = ${HOME}/.local

	Save and exit, and commit the change:

		hg add config.mk
		hg commit -m 'Manually patched config.mk'

And that's that!

Enjoy using dmenu!
