st
==

st is a simple terminal emulator from the <http://www.suckless.org> folks. As with everything suckless, it is as barebones as you can get, and maximally awesome.

Motivation
----------

I have three main terminal emulator needs:
1.	Sustained cli work, such as for coding in vim.
2.	Quick cli work, such as for quickly checking which process is sucking up memory using htop.
3.	For running cli programs, such as pianobar.

The first I felt was well-satisfied by urxvt. It had all of the features that I liked, was sufficiently customizable and lightweight (especially when used with the server/client daemon option). However, lightweight as it was, I felt that it was still too bloated for (2) and (3). I explored some of the other terminal emulator options out there, but either was disappointed by poor rendering performance, too much memory consumption or bugs, and invariably still too many features. I began seriously considering coding my own terminal emulator.

Thankfully, I found st, which satisfied my remaining needs perfectly!

Patching
--------

That said, the vanilla st lacks word movement (e.g. ctrl+LEFT moves one WORD left), as well as installs by default to '/usr/local/'. As such, I wrote a simple patch that adds word movement functionality & installs st to the more appropriate 'HOME/.local/'. The niminal-core.sh script should automatically patch st.

In case it doesn't, report the issue on <http://github.com/DeadDork/Niminal>. I will do my best to help you ASAP.

Alternatively, you can patch st manually:

1.	Go to the open source directory. E.G.

		cd ~/Downloads/open_source

2.	Make sure that st has been cloned.

		ls

	You should see *st* in the output.
	
	If you do not, then clone it now:

		hg clone http://hg.suckless.org/st/

3.	Go to *st*

		cd st

4.	Test the patch.

		patch --dry-run -p1 < /PATH/TO/Niminal/customs/st/niminalization.patch

	(Replace *PATH/TO* with the directory path to Niminal, e.g. *$HOME/Programming/programming_projects/*.)
5a.	If you **don't** get an error, then run the patch.

		hg import /PATH/TO/Niminal/customs/st/niminalization.patch

5b.	If you **do** get an error, then manually patch st.

	Open *config.def.h* with your favorite text editor (e.g. vim).

	Change 

		#define FONT "-*-*-medium-r-*-*-*-120-75-75-*-60-*-*"
		#define BOLDFONT "-*-*-bold-r-*-*-*-120-75-75-*-60-*-*"

	to

		#define FONT "-*-terminus-medium-r-*-*-*-160-72-72-*-80-*-*"
		#define BOLDFONT "-*-terminus-bold-r-*-*-*-160-72-72-*-80-*-*"

	Also, add the following two lines of code to 'static Key key[]':

		{ XK_Left,      ControlMask, "\033[5D" },
		{ XK_Right,     ControlMask, "\033[5C" },

	N.B. last I checked, the above two lines should follow 

		{ XK_F12,       XK_NO_MOD, "\033[24~" },

	but precede the function's close paren

		};

	Save and exit.

	Now open *config.mk* with a text editor.

	Change

		PREFIX = /usr/local

	to

		PREFIX = ${HOME}/.local

	Save and exit.

	Finally commit the changes.

		hg add config.def.h config.mk
		hg commit -m 'Manually patched config.def.h and config.mk'

And that's that!

Enjoy st!
