Vimprobable
===========

Vimprobable -- A Webkit-based WWW browser inspired by the Firefox Vimperator plugin.

Motivation
----------

Besides a text editor, my most used program is a web browser. While I quite like the Firefox Vimperator plugin, Firefox as a whole is simply too bloated (for instance, it takes 15 seconds to start it on my dinky netbook).

Thankfully, the Vimprobable team has created a browser with much the same basic feature-set as Vimperator, but based on the Webkit layout engine and not much more, making it very light-weight (for instance, it takes 1 - 2 seconds to start on my dinky netbook--wow!).

Patching
--------

I have modded the Vimprobable vanilla a little bit:
*	Installs to *HOME/.local*.
*	Sets the default javascript & plugins to false.
*	Sets the URI handlers to *st* + *mutt*/*wget*.
*	Cookies get flushed at exit.
*	Download destination set to *HOME/Downloads/vimprobable*.
*	Searches greatly expanded, and defaulted to duckduckgo.

The niminal desktop mask should automatically patch Vimprobable.

In case it doesn't, report the issue on <http://github.com/DeadDork/Niminal>. I will do my best to resolve it ASAP.

Alternatively, you can patch Vimprobable manually:

1.	Change to your open source directory, e.g.

		cd ~/Downloads/open_source/

2.	Make sure that Vimprobable has been cloned.

		ls

	(You should see vimprobable in the output.)

	If Vimprobable has not been cloned, then clone it now.

		git clone git://git.code.sf.net/p/vimprobable/code vimprobable

3.	Change to the vimprobable directory.

		cd vimprobable

4.	Test the niminal Vimprobable patch.

		git apply --check PATH/TO/Niminal/customs/vimprobable/0001-Niminal-Vimprobable-configs.patch

	(Be sure to change *PATH/TO* to the directory path the Niminal git directory is in, e.g. */home/DeadDork/Programming/programming_projects/*.)

5.	If the patch test produced no errors, then run the patch.

		git apply PATH/TO/Niminal/customs/vimprobable/0001-Niminal-Vimprobable-configs.patch

	(Again, be sure to change *PATH/TO* to the directory path the Niminal git directory is in, e.g. */home/DeadDork/Programming/programming_projects/*.)

	Now compile vimprobable

		make clean && make install

	And that's that!

	Enjoy using Vimprobable!

	If the patch test failed, report the error, and I will attempt to resolve it ASAP. More than that, though, is a bit involved for this short step-by-step.
