Samba
=====

samba -- a Windows fileserver for UNIX.

Motivation
----------

Like it or not, we live in a world Windows dominates, especially in the business world.

Samba makes it easy to manage files across both Windows and Linux using a secure share.

Configuring
-----------

The vanilla samba config is not as secure as it could be (whether it is not secure enough is a separate question, and one I am not qualified to answer). Accordingly, I've made a few modifications to the samba conf file, following the direction of those who understand this stuff better than I ever will, in order to increase the level of security.

The niminal desktop mask should automatically configure samba as such.

If it does not, report the issue on <http://github.com/DeadDork/Niminal>. I will do my best to resolve it ASAP.

Alternatively, you could configure samba manually:

1.	Create the share directory.

		mkdir -p "${HOME}"/samba/share

2.	Make a back-up of the vanilla smb.conf (in case you want to revert to original configuration. This is useful for troubleshooting errors).

		sudo mv /etc/samba/smb.conf /etc/samba/smb.conf.original

3.	Localize the niminal samba config file.

		sudo bash -c "sed 's|PATH_TO_HOME|${HOME}|g' < PATH/TO/NIMINAL/customs/samba/smb.conf.niminalized > /etc/samba/smb.conf.niminalized"

	(Be sure to change 'PATH/TO/NIMINAL' to whatever the path to niminal is in your case, e.g. *${HOME}/Programming/programming_projects/Niminal*.)

4.	Generate the new smb.conf file.

		sudo bash -c "testparm -s /etc/samba/smb.conf.niminalized > /etc/samba/smb.conf"

And that's that!

Enjoy using Samba!
